hi everyone this is dave from geek
annoyed and this is the compass stand
for the apple ipad from 12 south you can
of course use this with other tablets as
well i wanted to show you it without a
tablet standing on it because of the
actual design aspect is just a gorgeous
looking piece of kit and very very well
engineered now it packs down into a very
small size you just saw close the bottom
section up put the arms in like this and
put the little sort of feet in at the
bottom a very sore compact size once
it's all folded down and it folds down
just like a compass which is where it
sort gets its name it's very reminiscent
of the compass you use to draw circles
now to open it up we just pull this back
section out and then we open the arms up
left and right open the little feet up
and this is how you use it for standing
something in an upright position so I've
got a full-size iPad here and you can
pop the iPad on like so or you can pop
it round into sort of landscape mode and
it works brilliantly a very source
sturdy stand for your tablet and of
course with the release of the ipad mini
you can of course use it with the ipad
mini as well although it is quite
difficult to locate these sort of autumn
feet into place because it only just
sort of reaches the way that would
probably be a better sort of option for
the ipad mini is just if you move these
sore legs in very very slightly and that
gives you a sturdier platform for the
smaller tablet now you can use it in a
different format as well and use it in a
different format all you need to do is
fold the bottom section in sets in this
or flat mode and then there's another
little portion here in the back and you
can actually poke this out like so and
this gives you another sort of foot and
the reason you do that is now we can put
it on the table in its flatter design
like so and you can use this with an
ipad in a typing position so this gives
you a nice low typing angle
to use your iPad in again it will work
with these the full-size our iPad or of
course the iPad Mini or of course any
tablet that you want to use on it it's a
very very handy device I really do like
it so this is the compass for the ipad
from 12 south i think is a very very
well thought out product and worth every
penny i think it packs down so nice and
compact so it's very very portable and
yet provides a very stable base for your
ipad to sit on so thanks very much for
watching this has been my review of the
compass stand for the apple ipad from 12
south please do give this video a thumbs
up please do subscribe and I'll see you
all in the next one